# Isaac Sim Basic Usage Tutorial

[Learned From](https://docs.isaacsim.omniverse.nvidia.com/5.1.0/introduction/quickstart_isaacsim_robot.html), [What, I practice file - Download - "usage-tutorial.usd"](arm.usd)

# Step 1 - File menu > New 

<video  controls>
  <source src="1.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

## Step 2 - Create > Robots > Franka Emika Panda 

<video  controls>
  <source src="2.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>


## Step 3 - Tools > Physics > Physics Inspector

1. **Click**  *Franka* Robot Arm in **Stage** tab.
2. Click Arrow in **Physics Inspector** tab (**Articulation**) 
3. List of Robot Name is show in **Articulation** popup window.
4. Click the *Franka* in the list.
5. Click the **Select** button in bottom of **Articulation** popup window.


<video  controls>
  <source src="3.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

**Note** : Before doing the Step 4, close the Physics Inspector tab. Since, for me, Is not working doing Step 4, when Physics Inspector tab in use, If it work for anyone, please send me video of it.


## Step 4 -  Tools > Robotics > Omnigraph Controllers > Joint Position.

1. **Articulation Position Controller** popup window appears.
2. Click **Add** for the Robot Prim field.
3. **Select Targets** popup window appears.
4. Click **Franka** from target list.
5. Click **Select** button in bottom of the **Select Target** popup window.
6. Click **Ok** button in bottom of the **Articulation Position Controller** popup window.
7. Click **Graph > Position Controller > JointCommandArray** in **Stage** tab.
8. Before doing **Step 9**, Click **Play** button in **Toolbar** or Click **Spacebar** in keyboard. 
9. Slide and Check movement of Robot Arm by moving the Slider label or named with "**Input 1, ...**" in the **Property** tab.

<video  controls>
  <source src="4.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>


## Step 5 - Window > Graph Editors > Action Graph

1. Click **Edit Graph** in **Action Graph** Panel.
2. Click the only existing graph on the list.
3. Check by clicking the Nodes in the **Action Graph** panel, it shows the highlight in **Stage** tab and Changes in the **Property** tab.

<video  controls>
  <source src="5.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

